the modulator Nova modulator fantastic
pedal seven different effects in one
pedal all modulations here's my chorus
another chorus which they call it try
chorus it's actually three choruses
going on at the same time one for each
side one for Sandra it's a huge sound
first we have the flanger here there we
go that's the thing about this pedal
which is quite cool and it's different
from the dynamic pedal because this
pedal have of course just a manual mode
where you tweak the nuts and play
without thinking just use it as an
analog pedal but this pedal have presets
so you can store these combination and
nice effects and different presets that
what I'm but that's that's what I do and
yes the cerro through finger is the face
of the tremolo
finally the vibrato
and now the best part this pedal had two
engines they're totally identical but
you can have them have them on at the
same time here's my preset way I have
try Korres and the trigger what is it
phaser yeah it's a face of you we have
two effects at the same time
or the flames around the tremolo so I I
mean it's such a cool pedal let's say
you you have some or drives that you
like you maybe have your wall bar and
compressors you have the stuff you need
but you need some modulation and okay if
you're tremolo guy just buy a tremolo
pedal but if you also would like to have
a facer and maybe ocurro's instead of
buying five or six petals the modulator
could be a very good choice because of
all the presets and of course it's a
stereo in stereo out pedal so you can
use it as a key for player as well or if
you have a hundred percent stereo setup